---
title: damanci.com a storefron website for Damanci
description: Rescuing performance by going headless.

head:
    meta:
        - property: "og:type"
          content: "website"
        - property: "og:title"
          content: "damanci.com a storefron website for Damanci"
        - property: "og:description"
          content: "Rescuing performance by going headless."
        # - property: "og:image"
        #   content: "https://dago.pages.dev/img/og/aa-meals-og-2.jpg"
        - property: "twitter:card"
          content: "summary_large_image"
        - property: "twitter:title"
          content: "damanci.com a storefron website for Damanci"
        - property: "twitter:description"
          content: "Rescuing performance by going headless."
        # - property: "twitter:image"
          # content: "https://dago.pages.dev/img/og/aa-meals-og-2.jpg"

card_title: "damanci"
img: "/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-0.webp"
img_alt: "Damanci, better hair better you."
descriptionItems: ["Development", "Custom Wix headless development"]
---

::MainHeading{text="Damanci" id="damanci" class=""}
::

[Damanci](https://www.damanci.com/) is a global hair care products brand. They where suffering tremendous performance problems, their site take it 16+ seconds to load, core web vitals on 30, wish lead to terrible conversion rates. They where loosing customers and advertisement bucks. 

I reviewed the site, a normal Wix store, and after careful performance analysis realized that, after fixing some minor issues, there was no room in their setup to gain good performance, the base Wix site was huge, messy, tons of scripts, and things that there was no way to get rid off. I explained the situation to them, and we evaluated several alternatives. After all, was decided to keep the store on Wix, but decouple the website by going headless as I recommended, with the Wix headless offering.

**Results**, while keeping all features of the old site, and the most close posible to the design they all ready have, the speed increase was amazing, **from 16 + seconds to load to less then 2**, (it would be posible to get it even faster if the Wix API was a little faster). Core vitals from 30 to 90+ cross pages. Now customers don't get bounce while waiting for anything to load. And even better I was able to fix some issues and build some extra features that they all ways wanted to do, but was not posible on the normal Wix site.

::gallery{class="m-70"}
---
images: 
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-1.webp'
    alt: "Home landing page"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-2.webp'
    alt: "Home products"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-3.webp'
    alt: "Product page"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-4.webp'
    alt: "Cart"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/dmc/dmc-5.webp'
    alt: "Collection page"
  
---
::


::little-heading{text="Technical Details" class="m-70"}
::

This site was developed with 
- Remix, Tailwind CSS, Zod, 
- Wix Headless APIs for e-commerce operations and data.
- Wix CMS features for build easy editable features for content.
- And the headless Storyblok CMS for the Blog.

Was deployed to Cloudflare Pages.
