---
title: aa-meals.com a site for a food delivery service
description: A fresh visual language, and a easy sing up flow experience

head:
    meta:
        - property: "og:type"
          content: "website"
        - property: "og:title"
          content: "aa-meals.com a site for a food delivery service | Dago AC"
        - property: "og:description"
          content: "A fresh visual language, and a easy sing up flow experience"
        - property: "og:image"
          content: "https://dago.pages.dev/img/og/aa-meals-og-2.jpg"
        - property: "twitter:card"
          content: "summary_large_image"
        - property: "twitter:title"
          content: "aa-meals.com a site for a food delivery service"
        - property: "twitter:description"
          content: "A fresh visual language, and a easy sing up flow experience"
        - property: "twitter:image"
          content: "https://dago.pages.dev/img/og/aa-meals-og-2.jpg"

card_title: "aa meals"
img: "/img/work/work-card-pic-aameals.jpg"
img_alt: "AA Meals, healthy food to your door"
descriptionItems: ["Design & Development", "Rest Api with Sing Up processing"]
---

::MainHeading{text="AA Meals" id="aa-meals" class=""}
::

[AA Meals](https://aa-meals.com) is a healthy food delivery service based on Miami, they needed a site for the brand, to showcase their service
and get new costumers.

They also needed a way to allow their costumers sign up from
the website with out needing to call directly.

I help them to develop their story, designed the site and
the logo, with a clean and fresh visual language. Builded
the web, and a automation that forwards the costumer request
with all relevant details from the site to the managers
phone.

::frame{url="https://aa-meals.com" class="mt-[50px] "}
::

::gallery{class="mt-[50px]"}
---
images: 
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_home.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the site's home page"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_nav.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the site's navigation menu"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_plan_cards.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the meal plans"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_plans.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the site's plan prices widget"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_map_lets.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the service area map"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_costumer_info.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the sing up form, costumer information"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_customize_meu.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the sing up form, menu customization"
  - src: '/img/work/sites-galleries/aa-meals/aa-meals.com_checkout.jpg'
    alt: "A capture of the sing up form, checkout"
---
::


::little-heading{text="Technical Details"}
::

This site was developed with Nuxt 3 (Vue 3), TailwindCSS for styling, and
several modules to ship features like Internationalization, the latter was
provided in English and Spanish.

The sing up processing was made by developing a stand alone REST API
(Express JS) wish notify the new arrivals to the business managers via Telegram. This API was integrated in the site as a staged form. To make an easy sing up experience, related fields where composed in 3 different stages.

The project was finally deployed on a VPS and:
-  generated with Nuxt and served as static with Nginx,
-  using Let's Encrypt certs and automated renewals with ACME.sh,
-  the API was defined as a UNIX service with PM2, and also proxy by Nginx, leaving both the site and the API on the same domain,
-  additionally was also deployed a self-hosted  [Plausible Analytics](https://plausible.io) instance to measure traffic (One of the best privacy-first OS Analytics Software under the Sun).

You can see the Sign Up processing API source code on [this](https://github.com/daguitosama/aa-meals-api) GitHub repo.
